## Description of Business System Summary:
This coursework will explore hospitality and accommodation industry by creating database on student lodging information management system for a business (Campusstay solutions). A business that helps students solves accommodation issue while on campus. This business has four hostels for reservation by students. A functional database will help the business increase satisfaction of users & operational efficiency. This database will optimize important process such as booking, payment, check-in and checkout date etc. Based on the database interface, data generated from users can be used by the business to draw insight on user preferences, revenue & cashflow management, resources allocation, inventory management and business forecast. Creating a student lodging information management system involves structured classification process of the entities, attributes, relationships and the cardinality to properly illustrate the scheme and functioning of the system. The key entities considered for creating the database were seven which are: Student entity stores information about students such as name, age etc. which help to manage student service histories. Hostel entity represents an individual hostel property within the system. It retains important information about each hostel such as name, email, etc. Room type entity represents the different types of room available in the facilities(hostel) based on capacity. Data from room type can help make inform decision on inventory management. Room entity defines each room in the hostel, The room is associated to Hostel and Room type which enables room allocation.
Booking entity helps in managing reservation and allocations of rooms and payments.
Payment entity is linked to booking and store any financial transaction made by users.
Staff entity represent the hostels representative, socio demographic characteristics such as name, age etc. were captured as attributes.
Through the aforementioned entities in the database the business can manage and have a smooth business evaluation for decision making.


